you know we get asked a lot about these
bad videos you know why do you do on why
don't you show us the label well we
don't show you the label because I don't
want to burn bridges people make
mistakes but we do them because we want
you to know that these are actually on
the shelf next to the ones that you're
finding using the wine finder I mean
they really are there case in point 2011
Sauvignon Blanc you find this everywhere
everywhere 16 bucks $16 Steve you're
paying for the 60s right you can't go
wrong no you're and so you're saying hey
I'm gonna go I'm gonna grab that I know
those guys they make good wine and then
then something I know I don't want to
sound reading eggs you know people that
have especially sensitive nose and it
really doesn't help oh that's that's
that that's blinding you're doing whoa
the most rotten egg takes a breath let's
go hmm oh oh wow so what you got here is
anything there there is uh keeping it
off a pen evaluation there is a celery
and there is maybe a hint of melon but
the bitter bell pepper in here is off my
eyes are watering the bitter bell pepper
in here is off well this chart this is
definitely not a $16 one we ready the
value at three cents yeah don't forget
the onions come on I was leaving it for
you the onions on this one I'm not
letting it go I miss makes me angry is
the kind of thing 16 bucks you get three
cent valuation the onions is sink
finishes with onions like like uh muah
bitter Daly's like a stylist yeah Oh
two thumbs down for this wine you can
find all over the place for 16 bucks
stay where you go that's what the way
use the wine finer that's what it's all
about they're really there